---
layout: post
title:  Oracle CloudWorld 2023
date:  2023-09-13-ocw23
image:  ocw.jpg
tags:   [oracle]
---

# Upcoming Oracle CloudWorld 2023!

Oracle CloudWorld 2023 is just around the corner, and I am excited to invite you to join my session on [Your VMware Estate Migration: Maintain Control and Maximize Security]. This year's CloudWorld is a free, interactive digital experience that you can attend from anywhere in the world. With more than 170 learning sessions and five main stage keynotes, CloudWorld 2023 promises to be an event you won't want to miss.
At my session, you will learn about Oracle Cloud VMware Solution and how it can benefit your business. I will be sharing my expertise and insights on OCVS control & security, and I look forward to engaging with you and answering any questions you may have.

In addition to my session, CloudWorld 2023 offers a wide range of sessions on various topics, including Arm-based compute, Oracle Integration, AI-powered automation, and HeatWave for developers. You can attend any of these sessions from the comfort of your own home or office, making it easy to fit CloudWorld into your busy schedule.

Once you register, you will have access to all the sessions and keynotes, as well as Oracle TV, which features exclusive interviews and behind-the-scenes content.

I hope to see you at CloudWorld 2023, and I look forward to sharing my knowledge and insights with you.

## Event Details

- **Name:** Oracle CloudWorld
- **Date:** September 20, 2023 | 01:00 PM PDT
- **Location:** San Polo 3505, The Venetian, Level 3
- [**Register Here**](https://reg.rf.oracle.com/flow/oracle/cwoh23/catalog/page/catalog/session/1684171090792001QHNg)
