---
layout: post
title:  Oracle Cloud SSH Key Pair
date:   2024-01-22
image:  
tags:   [oracle, oci]
---
# Create an SSH Key for Oracle Cloud Infrastructure (OCI)

Oracle Cloud Infrastructure (OCI) provides a robust and secure cloud computing environment for businesses and developers. One essential aspect of securing your OCI compute instances is managing SSH keys. In this blog, we'll guide you through the process of creating an SSH key and associating it with an OCI compute instance.

## Why SSH Keys?

SSH keys play a crucial role in securing communication between your local machine and OCI instances. They provide a secure way of connecting to your compute instances without the need for passwords. By using SSH keys, you enhance the security of your infrastructure and simplify access management.

## Create an SSH Key for OCI Compute Instances:

### Step 1: Generate SSH Key Pair Locally
If you don't already have an SSH key pair, you can generate one using the following command in your terminal:

```bash
ssh-keygen -t rsa -b 2048 -C "your_email@example.com"
```

This command generates a new SSH key pair with a 2048-bit key length. Replace "your_email@example.com" with your email address.

### Step 2: Store the SSH Key Pair
You will be prompted to enter a file path to save the key pair. Press Enter to save it in the default location (~/.ssh/id_rsa for the private key and ~/.ssh/id_rsa.pub for the public key).

### Step 3: Obtain the Public Key
Retrieve the content of the public key using a text editor or the following command:

```bash
cat ~/.ssh/id_rsa.pub
```

This command generates a new SSH key pair with a 2048-bit key length. Replace "your_email@example.com" with your email address.

Copy the entire content of the public key.

### Step 4: Add SSH Key to OCI
Log in to the OCI Console.

In the navigation menu, go to "Compute" and click on "Instances."

Select the instance for which you want to add the SSH key.

Click on "Instance Details," and under "Resources," find the "SSH Key" section.

Click on "Add SSH Key."

Paste the content of the public key into the provided text box.

Click "Save SSH Key."

### Step 5: Connect to OCI Instance Using SSH
Now that you have associated the SSH key with your OCI compute instance, you can connect to it using SSH. Use the following command:

```bash
ssh -i ~/.ssh/id_rsa opc@<instance_public_ip>
```

Replace <instance_public_ip> with the public IP address of your OCI compute instance.

Congratulations! You've successfully created an SSH key and associated it with your Oracle Cloud Infrastructure compute instance. This enhances the security of your infrastructure and ensures a seamless and secure connection to your instances.
